- Add this notes to your interview questions using unix command-


How many Members on your team?
 -- Stake Holder / Owner

 1 - Product Owner
 1 - Scrum master
 4 - Developers
 2 - Testers

 1 - Business Analyst 

- Product Owner = They are consider to be the manager his job is to manage and reports our Delivery.

- Scrum master = He facilitates your work. 

- Developers = Develop, Build an application, Unit Testing. 

- Tester = Find a bug, Break a developers application, will meet acceptance Criteria

	Acceptance Criteria: Requirement that must be met, or completed. 

	Example: AC = I should be able to use symbols in the username field

- Business Analyst= they also work as Testers, someone who analyzes an organization or business. 


Whats your role in SDLC?
	- My role in SDLC is a tester

Tell me about your Sprint and How long is your Sprint?
	In my current project my sprint is every 2 weeks.
	Every other Wednesday we have Planning meeting which is about 1 hour
	Also we have our daily Scrum which is about 15 minutes and we discuss what we did yesterday, today and any blockers.



Tell me about your self?
	In my current project I am a Automation Engineer I have X years of experience working in different applications, Such as financial, insurance, and healthcare. 

	In my current project I am working in Agile Environment our sprints are every 2 weeks. I Currently hold certifications such as JAVA (OCA),
	and I have experience with Selenium WebDriver, AWS, and BDD Framework.

	I have experience with Core Java, API, and Database queries. 

	As far as my personality goes I am fast learner, team player and detail oriented. 

Tell me about your Sprint?
	My project every 2 weeks, we start planning every wednesday, we have our daily stand up, we have grooming, and sprint reviews.

Explain public static void main (string args)?
	In my current project I have not used public static void main, Since I joined this company I was working with existing methods and I developed my own methods at the same time. 


what are primitives?
	I have experience with primitives some of them are, 
		boolean 
		short	
		bite
		long
		char		
		double
		float
		int			

What is the function of grep?
	I have experience with grep when I am searching a specific word in a log file. 
		Example:

			file			contains

			Class.txt 	 	Java is the best

			/grep "best" Class.txt

			result: Java is the best















































